Well I hope you did well
with the popular print.
Let's go through how this is gonna wind up
working out here the way that I coded it.
So starting with the HTML,
I'm around line 44 in the HTML,
and I start with a div with
a class of stripe, and that will
wind up being the green stripe that goes
all the way across from edge to edge.
We've done this now this is the third
time we've done that we did it earlier
with the footer and then we did it
with the header and in the navigation.
Now we're gonna do it this time with the
big green stripe going across the page.
Then we have our section with an ID of
popular because it's popular prints and
we have our series of figures nd figure
captions inside of an unordered list.
So basically the HTML is nothing you
haven't seen before to this point in time.
Now we'll take a look at the CSS.
Starting here I'm around line 188
in the ending CSS, as it says,
here's the green stripe for
the popular images.
As we've done before, we have our stripe,
it has a background color,
this case it's color too.
Text was the white color and
we put a little bit of padding on it so
it's not running into
the edges of the web page.
And then, Because we don't
set our Flexbox in the mobile
portion of the web page, that's all
it's there outside of the media queries.
Let's go down inside the meaning of
queries and see what we did here.
So here's the big trick,
we're gonna start with a tablet.
This is around line 327 inside of the CSS.
And so what you see here is I have my
inside of the popular ID of popular.
The Li last child we're gonna
set its flex spaces to 100%.
Stretch it all the way across the screen.
Otherwise, the the style right before
it here where it says section Li,
its flex basis is set to 49.5%.
And that will take effect because we've
written really nice efficient HTML and
been consistent in how we read
our HTML through this document.
Our HTML will pick up
that particular style and
set those first two images on
top at roughly half the screen.
And then we'll say the last child
we want it to stretch to be 100%.
So that's how we get the two on the top
and the one big one underneath.
The problem is with that
particular image of the scooter,
when you go to that wide format,
you'll see the top part of the picture,
which is not the interesting part.
We're really interested in scooter, right.
So you'll see the wallpaper and
you'll see things hanging on the wall and
stuff which is lovely but it's better
if we see the bottom of the picture.
So we'll take advantage of
that object position feature,
object position property again, and just
playing around with numbers and so forth.
I found that zero negative 350 pixels,
moved up that image enough so
that we could see some of the scooter and
have more of a sense of why
it was called let's scoot.
So that's why I did that.
And then finally, let's go down to the
bottom here inside of our media query for
the desktop and so
as I have mentioned to you before,
you have to think about
what you need to turn off.
So right now we have two of those Li's
that are have a width of about half,
we have one that has
a width of about a 100%.
We need to change all of that.
So here, on line 380, the section Li and
popular Li last child,
you need all of that in order to override
what comes before we said that
flex space is too about a.
And then finally down at the bottom
that last figure if we reset
the object position property
back to zero again so
that the image doesn't completely scroll
off the screen and we have a great
big huge gaping hole we've put the picture
back down into the frame appropriately.